important now let me introduce you to what
the next live show is about okay first let's
do one more song and now when it's
fixed when I confirm that it's
fixed I'll tell you what it's about and I
want to see your face okay let's see what
Diego Arrabales had the other day on
Antena 3 I don't know if I can click on it
because these people Antena 3 are like very
delicate what it says like this without sound
okay so that it doesn't jump out at me but I don't know if
this
refutes the news that was given the other day
seeing that I think it doesn't refute it let's
see what you think about Diego
Arrabales being able to work on Ana Rosa
sound that I think this has been a one-
off thing because now I don't know if
man you are doing an intervention via Skype
for a specific topic that sometimes it is a one-
off thing and sometimes it is
true that it helps you to then give yourself a
bit of a look and for the directors to see you
although they already know Diego and looking ahead to the
summer after the summer a
incorporation could be both things or
a first contact or something one-
off or for him to start later which would
seem great to me really
But  Well, there are people who are working
at Antena 3 and have also worked at
Telecinco at the same time, or Aurelio, moving forward,
is in Espejo Público and is at the party, so
in the end, you don't have exclusivity,
unless now there are colleagues
who have signed. Now there are
colleagues who have signed with the network.
Now, there are specific colleagues
who have been taken away. Before, it was like Beatriz Cortázar, Paloma García Pelayo. Yes, but well, each one has their own. I hadn't realized that's true. Aurelio Manzano is in public employment in the morning
and then also. And well, he
's also in Castilla la Mancha, of course, we also
share days that we go on
Thursdays, the same rivalry, but of course,
between Telecinco and Antena 3, they can
coincide in collaborators. A lot happens. A
lot. No, but it happens. Pilar Vidal was in
Espejo Público and she was already in Sálvame,
that's more boom. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, there are more
colleagues. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, it
could surely be what
you say. No, a first
take, let's see, yes, it's true, that it is, of course, it
is  as it is a specific issue because
apparently
he got a photograph on the subject
of Carmen Martínez Bordiú no and I
imagine that he himself through Claro of
course when he has information or is
the indirect protagonist of a subject
evidently they are going to pull him it is
normal it is normal In these cases
Okay and would Ana Rosa's program be incompatible
with this one Because they have the same
schedule
but I can go some days to one other days
to another well no that is more it is not
stranger really it is stranger
to see It is stranger to see Well then
I'm glad let's hope it goes
wonderfully for her
that it goes well and that she doesn't lack
work the truth is
that where will she bet well The important thing
is that they bring sauce that they bring
news no Marina that totally
Román said something that Roma said she got
jealous because you gave me a kiss
and she didn't get jealous I
hate you Javi I subscribe and this time I don't
send kisses to anyone everything is wrong with Marina
everything is wrong with you not with me I am the
king you know you know that if I cross the
pond It's because of you
brutal brutal
totally totally
that you  story Tell me Tell me you
have me here son I'm going to smoke a
cigarette I'm here you've got me bald
alive I'll tell you a little and with this we'll
give way to the next live show wait I'm
going to ask him but we're going to
give him way directly Okay okay I
feel Let's go like I don't know This is going to be a
little Like a piquera not like save me
paying attention to piquera for the best time no
please I wish we could remember that
before you give him way when Raquel
Mosquera gave way to Pedro Piqueras on the
news you can't get that back to
give him way Raquel but please please
that's the best thing I've seen
on television in my life someone
remembers it from here